Add PIM PAG API documentation in graph beta (#19585)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/privilegedaccessroot.md

|[Update privilegedAccessRoot](../api/privilegedaccessroot-update.md)|[privilegedAccessRoot](../resources/privilegedaccessroot.md)|Update the properties of a [privilegedAccessRoot](../resources/privilegedaccessroot.md) object.|
|[Delete privilegedAccessRoot](../api/identitygovernance-delete-privilegedaccess.md)|None|Delete a [privilegedAccessRoot](../resources/privilegedaccessroot.md) object.|
|[List privilegedAccessGroup](../api/privilegedaccessroot-list-group.md)|[privilegedAccessGroup](../resources/privilegedaccessgroup.md) collection|Get the privilegedAccessGroup resources from the group navigation property.|
|[Create privilegedAccessGroup](../api/privilegedaccessroot-post-group.md)|[privilegedAccessGroup](../resources/privilegedaccessgroup.md)|Create a new privilegedAccessGroup object.| -->

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|id|String|Identifier of privileged access root. Required. Inherited from [entity](../resources/entity.md).|

## Relationships
|Relationship|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |group|[privilegedAccessGroup](../resources/privilegedaccessgroup.md)|The navigation entity which contains the privileged access group APIs.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|group|[privilegedAccessGroup](../resources/privilegedaccessgroup.md)|A group that's governed through Privileged Identity Management (PIM) for groups.|
```
